Support markers for log filtering (#4901)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

* Allow disabling service links (environment variables describing Kubernetes services) in Pod template
* Update Kaniko executor to 1.6.0
* Add support for separate control plane listener (disabled by default, available via the `ControlPlaneListener` feature gate)

> * Add support for filtering logs by the markers

Reviewer: Does everyone understand what does it mean and what is it good for?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add support for selectively changing the verbosity of logging for individual CRs, using markers.
```

Reviewer: That sounds good to me 👍

* Update Kaniko executor to 1.6.0
* Add support for separate control plane listener (disabled by default, available via the `ControlPlaneListener` feature gate)
* Support for Dual Stack networking

> * Add support for filtering logs by the markers

Reviewer: This should be removed I guess?

Author: No, the support of filtering by the markers is still a thing.

Reviewer: But not in 0.23.
